Freighter
=========

Freighter is not and will never be another JavaScript loader and module dependency solution, because [Sea.js](http://seajs.org) just did a great job on this. Sea.js is the best script loader I've ever seen and used. I think you should try it, too.

Unfortunately, if you can't read Chinese, you will find it's difficult to use Sea.js because It don't even has a English document! Therefore Sea.js is barely used outside of China despite how popular it is in Chinese web development community.

So here I am. I'll write a [connect](http://www.senchalabs.org/connect/) middleware to show you my best practice of using Sea.js in node.js project and I'll talk about it on JSConfCN 2013, the 京JS conf which will be hold in Beijing this summer.

Sea.js In Short
---------------

Sea.js is a script loader implemented [CMD](http://wiki.commonjs.org/wiki/Modules/Wrappings) ... Well, I'll add this section in the future.

Usage
-----

It's recommended to use Freighter in a new project, so let's just start one:

    npm install -g express # if you didn't install it before
    express example
    cd example
    npm install
    npm install --save freighter

add a file public/javascripts/string.js:

    exports.eeoo = function (str) {
      return str.replace(/EE/g, 'OO');
    }

and public/javascripts/beepboop.js:

    var str = require('string');
    console.log(str.eeoo('BEEP'));
    exports.more = function () {
      console.log(str.eeoo('BEEP BOP BEEP'));
    }

modify app.js to use Freighter:

    // ...
    var freighter = require('freighter');
    var app = express();
    // ...
    app.use(app.router);
    app.use(freighter());
    app.use(express.static(path.join(__dirname, 'public')));

one more thing, add some lines in views/layout.jade:

    != js()
    script
      seajs.use('beepboop', function (bb) {
        bb.more();
      });

now run `node app.js` and visit [http://127.0.0.1:3000/](http://127.0.0.1:3000/) and open Developer Tools in your browser, you should see output like:

    BOOP
    BOOP BOP BOOP

Also, as you can see, `string.js` and `beepboop.js` is totally compatible with node.js, so you can use it in node.js directly, just try it yourself.

The RDD Strategy of Freighter
-----------------------------

Right now I'm developing Freighter using a [Readme-Driven Development](http://tom.preston-werner.com/2010/08/23/readme-driven-development.html) strategy. So everything you read below, is my current focus and will be done in my next git push.

Planning
----------------

### v0.0.1b

Need some tests and travis-ci.

### v0.0.2

Serve coffee-script files.

It will also work with coffee script files, so if you change string.js to string.coffee:

    exports.eeoo = (str) ->
      str.replace(/EE/g, 'OO')

and beepboop.js to beepboop.coffee:

    {eeoo} = require('string')
    console.log(eeoo('BEEP'))
    exports.more = ->
      console.log(eeoo('BEEP BOP BEEP'))

It will also works.

How It Works
------------

Sorry, not today. I'll write it down after v0.0.2 published, maybe.
